Patrik Stas: I'll hold there. It seems like, today it's gonna be again a sort of podcastage format, so i'll just go over
Patrik Stas: the stuff which in which been happening the last week, and what the race
Patrik Stas: plan for the next one.
Patrik Stas: So let me share my screen
Patrik Stas: all right. so there is no further discussion to do as we currently don't have a participants online. So i'll just go through, and the the gender points
Patrik Stas: so first the for the recent work we have done we have, we had a bunch of releases over the last week to kind of clearly separate some of the important work.
Patrik Stas: so we first release 0 48, which basically covers contains
Patrik Stas: pr which has been already covered at the previous week.
Patrik Stas: mostly. then, after the end, those really is 0 49, but due to
Patrik Stas: Ci issues and like various silly obstructions happening. Those subsequent release 0, 49 one which should be considered sort of the proper full and proper one. so
Patrik Stas: this contain, added, Ios leg legacy. I was rapper
Patrik Stas: release job which is really seeing the
Patrik Stas: ios rapper in the previous form before the refactoring which has been done by pool and merge the previous week.
Patrik Stas: so sort of to enable is on migration for whoever
Patrik Stas: haven't yet updated the
Patrik Stas: synced up with the record changes
Patrik Stas: next up.
Patrik Stas: That was a small fix regarding reading and
Patrik Stas: from the in the ledger is the routing keys.
Patrik Stas: Field is completely omitted.
Patrik Stas: on the ledger
Patrik Stas: and lastly and most importantly, I think, oh, 0, 50 nice round number release.
Patrik Stas: which notably contain this huge Pr from George.
Patrik Stas: 6, 0,
Patrik Stas: 6, 4, 8
Patrik Stas: we just modularizing the S architecture and enable opting into either using Vdr tools as a sort of
Patrik Stas: sort of the engine under the hood for dealing with the ledger credentials and wallet, or, alternatively, the new approach up by opting into in Dvdr and in the credentials
Patrik Stas: instead of you know, vv. Our tools or in the SDK
Patrik Stas: so this is. This was a huge Pr
Patrik Stas: George has added the nice diagram of the update. Basically how the architecture will be for and how it looks now.
Patrik Stas: we have also covered this in the previous call. So I'm. I'm not gonna repeat it again. But it's here
Patrik Stas: for whoever is interested in details of what has been changed
Patrik Stas: what is missing yet? in this piece is support for us. Car what?
Patrik Stas: And that's something that
Patrik Stas: I've put
Patrik Stas: into in progress.
Patrik Stas: in progress
Patrik Stas: part of the agenda. Well, I should fix it, though, because
Patrik Stas: it's hardly in the review, yet it's as I know the affords on. These are only starting. So
Patrik Stas: i'll just slightly find this.
Patrik Stas: Yeah. So we have a George Your phone initiative to implement Aries as car support
Patrik Stas: what's also missing Here is the support for using these new libraries. when calling functions in the role of sure or approved verifier. So that's still something. I will have to work on.
Patrik Stas: And then yeah, we have we have one more task in progress. Right now.
Patrik Stas: as a who's created this new issue to support did key
Patrik Stas: a res of C 300 sixty- which basically it's as a support for processing messages which
Patrik Stas: instead of reading, instead of expecting this, as they say, naked keys
Patrik Stas: to be in, you know, and included in the in the whatever they are. His message is
Patrik Stas: is that format them accordingly to the Did key specification, which basically pre fixing them with some metadata. So it's easier to tell what sort of key we're dealing with.
Patrik Stas: Yeah, and that's pretty much it Today's call is gonna be short.
Patrik Stas: There's a upcoming work pieces we've discussed last week.
Patrik Stas: and these are yet to be addressed.
Patrik Stas: I think I think from up this point of view. I think this would be one of the top priorities now to remove a public agent structure, which
Patrik Stas: as we found out
Patrik Stas: in
Patrik Stas: at this issue right here. Nobody. Nobody minds to have have removed, so that will be gone soon.
Patrik Stas: yeah. And then secondly, I think we'll be focusing on
Patrik Stas: eliminating, mediated connection in test so trying to liberate the code based from from coupling it with the
Patrik Stas: and then surely the other points as well. But yeah, we need a main power, and and it's also time to be spend on this. So yeah, let's let's focus on the stuff we do in progress. And hopefully, something from these items
Patrik Stas: we'll get started as well
Patrik Stas: that being said I see that
Patrik Stas: nobody has entered since the call started, which is fine.
Patrik Stas: So
Patrik Stas: oh, i'll
Patrik Stas: I guess They also mark the end of the
Patrik Stas: this podcast form call and now
Patrik Stas: yeah, I'll
okay.
Patrik Stas: I'll tune hopefully with the more participation next week again. So until then cheers everybody who's been listening and thank you.